update: refreshing the "make your Android app run on iOS" tutorial (#175)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/multiplatform-integrate-in-existing-app.md

### Create a shared module for cross-platform code

The cross-platform code that is used for both iOS and Android will be stored in a shared module.
The Kotlin Multiplatform plugin for Android Studio provides a wizard for creating such modules.

You will create a shared module and later connect it to both the existing Android application and your future iOS application:

1. In Android Studio settings, turn on the **Enable experimental Multiplatform IDE features** option in the **Advanced Settings** section.
2. Restart Android Studio for the changes to take effect.
3. Select the **File** | **New** | **New Module** menu item.
4. In the list of templates, select **Kotlin Multiplatform Shared Module**, enter the module name `shared` and the package
   name `com.jetbrains.simplelogin.shared`.
5. Select **Regular framework** in the **iOS framework distribution** list: this indicates the method you'll use to connect
   the shared module to the iOS application.

   ![Kotlin Multiplatform shared module](multiplatform-mobile-module-wizard.png){width=700}

6. Click **Finish**.

> 7. The wizard will create the Kotlin Multiplatform shared module, update the configuration files, and create sample code

Reviewer: The first sentence doesn't seem to be related to the action in step 7. I suggest moving it to step 6. And step 7 could start with "In the root `build.gradle.kts` file, add these aliases for Gradle to resolve the added plugins successfully:" to avoid the 'have to' modal construction

![iOS project in Android Studio](ios-project-in-as.png){width=194}

> You can close Xcode and rename the `simpleLoginIOS` directory to `iosApp` for consistency with other top-level directories of your

Reviewer: Just a suggestion to make it shorter and more action-focused:

> You can rename ... cross-platform project.
> To do that, close Xcode first and then rename the `simpleLoginIOS` directory to `iosApp` . If you rename the folder with Xcode open, you'll get a warning.

   }
   ```

2. Add a run configuration for the iOS app:

   1. Select **Run | Edit configurations** in the main menu.

>    2. Add new configuration by clicking the plus sign and choose **iOS Application**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. To add a new configuration, click the plus sign and choose **iOS Application**.
```

   
   3. Name the configuration "SimpleLoginIOS".

   4. In the **Xcode project file** field, select the location of the `simpleLoginIOS.xcodeproj` file.
   
   5. Choose a simulation environment in the **Execution target** list and click **OK**. 

3. Run both the iOS and Android applications from Android Studio to see the changes:

>    ![iOS run configuration](ios-run-configuration-simplelogin.png){width=269}

Reviewer: fyi, if you want to keep the original size, you can just remove the width parameter
